[Music]
alright check this out you're in a
business meeting and your prospective
partner seems to agree with everything
you say they are looking right at you
and nodding their head extensively kind
of like a bobble head well sorry to
break it to you but both actually
indicate they aren't so happy about
what's going on watch their bodies it'll
let you know what they're really
thinking for instance eyebrows if you're
talking to someone whose eyebrows are
raised and curved they're clearly
surprised to hear what you're saying the
higher the eyebrows go the more
surprised they must be at the same time
raised eyebrows could be telling you the
person is open and attracted to you
if the eyebrows are lowered and drawn
together and you can see vertical
wrinkles between them be careful the
person is clearly angry at you when
they're sad eyebrows inner corners are
drawn to each other and upward show them
some sympathy they need it
eyes if the person is looking up and to
the right don't believe everything they
say it's likely they're making up
something to tell you are they looking
up and to the left that makes some
difference they're just trying to recall
something looking down can be a sign a
person's self-esteem is low that or
they're feeling nervous or guilty
another sign of nervousness or
discomfort is eyes that are darting from
side to side dilated pupils speak of a
romantic interest in you or fear hmm
those feelings often go hand in hand and
if the pupils are smaller than normal
watch out someone is getting angry
crow's feet at the outside corners of
the eyes are a really good sign they're
the best proof that the person is
laughing sincerely if the person is
holding eye contact for longer than 7 to
10 seconds which is normal and
especially if they aren't blinking think
twice before trusting what they're
telling you if they close their eyes
during a conversation it's an attempt to
protect themselves from what's going on
sorry but
most likely don't enjoy your company and
want to unsee you lips pursed lips often
signal negative emotions from anger to
disapproval one raised side of the mouth
speaks of stronger emotions like
contempt or even hatred if someone
starts biting their lips give them a
break the person is clearly feeling
anxious and is trying to calm themselves
down a clenched jaw speaks of the same
the conversation is definitely going in
an unpleasant direction for your partner
corners of the lips drawn downward show
the person is sad even if they tell you
otherwise fighting on something during a
conversation like on their glasses for
example is a sign the person wants to
feel safe but can't
maybe because what you're saying is
disturbing them hands if someone is
touching their neck it could be an
instinctive attempt to protect
themselves they're clearly feeling
uncomfortable touching the nose is a
sign someone is lying to you they must
be checking if it's growing Pinocchio
style picking their nose means they have
a booger and it's bothering them okay I
added that one but it's true hiding
hands during a conversation is like
hiding something they don't want you to
know is someone running their hands
through the hair ooh la la
they're flirting with you and feeling
really comfortable in your company
playing with hair and holding it isn't
too good though and maybe an attempt to
fill an awkward pause or soothe the
nerves picking imaginary hairs from your
sweater is a displacement gesture
someone isn't happy with what you're
telling them but they won't tell you
directly because they're afraid to
offend you
drumming fingers on the desk is
instinctively trying to make yourself
busy with something when you're
impatient or frustrated rubbing hands
together is a positive sign it's like
saying I hope we'll both benefit from
each other
arms crossing arms in the front is a way
for a person to protect themselves from
the rest of the world and particularly
the one they're talking to you must have
really freaked them out if they're
crossing arms behind the back it's a
totally different thing though
anger transforms into calm and they have
nothing else to fear and shake if a
person is giving you a glove handshake
taking your wrist in their free hand
they're showing that they are
trustworthy if someone is putting their
palm on the top of your hand they're
showing you sympathy that's if they do
it instantly though if you've been
shaking hands for a while and then they
decide to put their hand on top it's a
way of showing who's the boss holding
someone's hand from below is like
telling them you're always there for
them in case a person is invading your
private space and casually touching your
elbow forearm or other body part during
the handshake with a free hand it's a
sign they really need company you decide
how to react to it
speaking of handshakes have you noticed
how you normally do it let me know in
the comments body movements so you're
talking to someone and they suddenly
lean towards you that's a really good
sign especially if their hands are open
with palms facing up this is an
instinctive attempt to connect with you
if a person is leaning away that's just
the opposite reaction they don't want to
get close and personal with you if
they're doing it while sitting they also
must be bored with the conversation and
uncomfortable with you it's a twofer
want to get away are they standing up
straight with shoulders proudly pulled
back this power position is a way of
saying I'm the boss it's like taking up
as much space as you can to show your
significance
slouching is the opposite you fear to
take too much space because you're
uncertain about your role in this
conversation word to the wise stop
slouching people with good posture are
better liked and more often promoted
when someone is nodding at every single
word you say don't be excited they 100%
agree with you it just means they care a
lot about what you think of them and
their reaction maybe they're afraid to
show their incompetence cross legs in a
sitting position look really attractive
don't they add Perlas playing with a
shoe and you get a clearly calm and
relaxed person who wants to draw your
attention to them another really great
sign is mirroring you know when you talk
to someone and they lean their head the
same way as you do or uncross their legs
right after you did it's a subconscious
attempt of bonding with the other person
they like what they see and hear from
you and finally if they stick out their
tongue at you while putting their thumbs
in their ears and wiggling their fingers
at you looking much like a gagging moose
it means they're probably 9 years old or
less or you need to work a little harder
at connecting with them just saying hey
if you learn something new today
they give the video a like and share it
with a friend and here are some other
videos I think you'll enjoy just click
to the left or right and remember stay
on the bright side of life
[Music]